oh hi Sophie don't touch those pies
there for dessert after dinner
Oh after dinner I don't know if I can
wait that long
um where are the pies Sophie you need to
go to the store and get more pies for
dessert me why me because you ate them
all huh all right I'll go but could you
drive unless you trust me with another
set of pies Oh fine oh and can you pay
too I kind of left my wallet at home
Sophie are you coming man
would you believe how cold it is at
least we'll be back home soon with some
fresh baked pies oh no what do you mean
you're out of pies sorry it's the
holidays most people do their shopping a
lot earlier than the day of I'm afraid
pies are sold out all over town
it's okay Sophie no it's not i
single-handedly ruined Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is not ruined but we don't
have any pies as great as those pies
would've been oh yeah they were great we
still have so much to be grateful for so
let's not worry about what we don't have
and instead be grateful for what we do
well one thing's for sure
I'm grateful we live right around the
corner from the grocery store
we want to give a shout out to makeup
trio - what Wow grandma everything looks
great
whop thank you honey and what I had
planned on having a few pies for dessert
yeah sorry about that
I thought we could have my famous
chocolate cake instead great did you say
chocolate cake
right